ARM64 / Kunpeng performance optimizations
-----------------------------------------

This update includes a series of performance optimizations and validation
improvements for NumPy on ARM64 / Kunpeng platforms, while preserving
compatibility with upstream NumPy behavior.

Highlights include:

* Added and improved ARM64-oriented SIMD optimization paths for selected
  ufuncs, including integer logical operations, shift operations, arithmetic
  operations, floating-point unary operations, and selected reduction paths.
* Added Highway SIMD based optimization paths for selected sort, select,
  argmax, argmin, floor division, pairwise sum, and min/max related operations.
* Improved selected sorting and partition-related paths, including radix sort,
  timsort, sorted-status checking, partition, and argpartition cases.
* Added a pluggable FFT backend mechanism with KML FFT backend support, together
  with related documentation and tests.
* Optimized selected histogram, random number generation, indexing, strided
  copy, and mathematical function paths on ARM64 platforms.
* Added and adjusted benchmark coverage for BLAS, LAPACK, FFT, element-wise,
  statistics, sorting, ufunc stride, and histogram-related cases.
* Fixed multiple performance regressions and correctness issues identified
  during benchmark and test validation, including limiting selected
  optimizations to ARM64 paths where appropriate and reverting changes that did
  not provide stable performance gains.
* Improved CI, smoke test, coverage, and code-check related scripts used by the
  development and validation workflow.

These changes are validated with functional tests and ASV benchmark results.
